chore(lidar_centerpoint): updated centerpoint models and documentation (#2553)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: perception/lidar_centerpoint/README.md

You can download the onnx format of trained models by clicking on the links below.

- [Centerpoint](download_link)

> - [Centerpoint tiny](download_link)

Reviewer: Cloud you update the link?

Author: done !

> `Centerpoint` was trained in `Nuscenes` (~110k lidar frames) [8] and Tier IV's internal database (~11k lidar frames) for 60 epochs.
> `Centerpoint tiny` was trained in `Argoverse2` (~28k lidar frames) [9] and Tier IV's internal database (~11k lidar frames) for 20 epochs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Centerpoint` was trained in `nuScenes` (~110k lidar frames) [8] and TIER IV's internal database (~11k lidar frames) for 60 epochs.
`Centerpoint tiny` was trained in `Argoverse 2` (~28k lidar frames) [9] and TIER IV's internal database (~11k lidar frames) for 20 epochs.
```
